feat : add basic desc and configurations in readme (#13)
mojaloop/accounts-and-balances-bc: Onboarding.md

In this method, we will run all of the core dependencies inside of docker containers, while running the `builtin-ledger-grpc-svc` server on your local machine.

### Startup supporting services

### 4.1 Run all back-end dependencies as part of the Docker Compose

Use [platform-shared-tools docker-compose files](https://github.com/mojaloop/platform-shared-tools/tree/main/packages/deployment/): 
Follow instructions in the `README.md` files to run the supporting services. Make sure you have the following services up and running:

- infra services : [docker-compose-infra](https://github.com/mojaloop/platform-shared-tools/tree/main/packages/deployment/docker-compose-infra)
	- mongo
	- kafka
	- zoo
- cross-cutting services : [docker-compose-cross-cutting](https://github.com/mojaloop/platform-shared-tools/tree/main/packages/deployment/docker-compose-cross-cutting)
	- authentication-svc
	- authorization-svc
	- identity-svc
	- platform-configuration-svc

This will do the following:
* `docker pull` down any dependencies defined in each `docker-compose.yml` file, and the services.
* run all of the containers together
* ensure that all dependencies have started for each services.

> **Important:** please make sure you follow the steps available through the **admin-ui** demonstrated in the sections [here](https://github.com/mojaloop/platform-shared-tools/tree/main/packages/deployment/docker-compose-apps#participants) (you can ignore the Account-Lookup part). There is required data to already exist such as **participants** endpoints exists and its accounts have funds available, otherwise the integrations will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** please make sure you follow the steps available through the **admin-ui** demonstrated in the sections [here](https://github.com/mojaloop/platform-shared-tools/tree/main/packages/deployment/docker-compose-apps#participants) (you can ignore the Account-Lookup part). Configuration such as **participants** endpoints and its accounts with funds available are pre-configured as part of setup, otherwise the integrations will fail.
```
